README.md, before:

# Trello Board Link
https://trello.com/b/NijLz51y/milestone-1-resume-with-contact-form

# Citations Summary
1) sky pic https://unsplash.com/wallpapers/nature/sky 
2) pen draw pic https://unsplash.com/s/photos/pen-and-paper
3) 

# Fonts
1) Rubik https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Rubik?preview.text=DEGREE:+Diploma+in+Electronics+and+Laser+Technology&preview.text_type=custom&sort=date&vfonly=true&preview.size=20&sidebar.open=true&selection.family=Rubik
2) arpeggo and netherland cracker honts are from https://www.creativefabrica.com/designer/haksen/ref/144208/

# Download button
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_download_button.asp

# Fad-in Profile picture JS Effect
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-add-fade-in-effect-using-pure-javascript/#:~:text=The%20fade%20effect%20is%20described,as%20the%20fade%2Din%20effect.

# Skill progress bar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkhhzfkXFSA

# Contact Form html and css
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/tryit.asp?filename=tryhow_css_contact_form


# Nav inderline effect (css)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYTBAQRBsw0

# Nav Gradient effect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBRzD6dwJfw

# Outline Text H1 for better visibility
https://css-tricks.com/adding-stroke-to-web-text/

# For gradient modulation 
https://cssgradient.io/

# Collapse Certificate section
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXTfoKkPtYY

Commit message:

Clean up more unused code, add js code for checking if dot is present inside email, changed background picture, added objectives section

README.md, after:

# Trello Board Link
https://trello.com/b/NijLz51y/milestone-1-resume-with-contact-form

# Citations Summary
1) sky pic on contact page https://unsplash.com/wallpapers/nature/sky 
2) pen draw pic https://unsplash.com/s/photos/pen-and-paper
3) background image on main page by Natalie Chaney https://unsplash.com/images/nature/landscape

# Fonts
1) Rubik https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Rubik?preview.text=DEGREE:+Diploma+in+Electronics+and+Laser+Technology&preview.text_type=custom&sort=date&vfonly=true&preview.size=20&sidebar.open=true&selection.family=Rubik
2) arpeggo and netherland cracker honts are from https://www.creativefabrica.com/designer/haksen/ref/144208/

# Download button
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_download_button.asp

# Fad-in Profile picture JS Effect
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-add-fade-in-effect-using-pure-javascript/#:~:text=The%20fade%20effect%20is%20described,as%20the%20fade%2Din%20effect.

# Skill progress bar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkhhzfkXFSA

# Contact Form html and css
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/tryit.asp?filename=tryhow_css_contact_form


# Nav inderline effect (css)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYTBAQRBsw0

# Nav Gradient effect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBRzD6dwJfw

# Outline Text H1 for better visibility
https://css-tricks.com/adding-stroke-to-web-text/

# For gradient modulation 
https://cssgradient.io/

# Collapse Certificate section
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXTfoKkPtYY
